He who gives when he is asked has waited too long.  -Sunshine Magazine
The more you lose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will 
have.
We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give. -Winston Churchill 
Generosity is not giving me that which I need more than you do, but it is giving me that 
which you need more than I do.  -Kahlil Gibran
If you have much, give of your wealth; if you have little, give of your heart.  
When you become detached mentally from yourself and concentrate on helping other 
people with their difficulties, you will be able to cope with your own more effectively. 
Somehow, the act of self-giving is a personal power-releasing factor. 
You give but little when you give of your possessions.  It is when you give of yourself that 
you truly give.  -Kahlil Gibran
You cannot do a kindness too soon, for you never know how soon it will be too late. 
-Ralph Waldo Emerson
Believe, when you are most unhappy, that there is something for you to do in the world. 
So long as you can sweeten another’s pain, life is not in vain. -Helen Keller 
When I dig another out of trouble, the hole from which I lift him is the place where I bury 
my own.
You really can change the world if you care enough. -Marion Wright Edelman 
It’s easy to make a buck.  It’s a lot tougher to make a difference.  -Tom Brokaw
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world. 
Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has. -Margaret Mead 
Those who are not looking for happiness are the most likely to find it, because those 
who are searching forget that the surest way to be happy is to seek happiness for 
others.  -Martin Luther King, Jr. 
a a a a If you think you are too small to be effective, you have never been in bed with a 
mosquito.  -Betty Reese
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else. -Booker T. Washington
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. -Ghandi
How wonderful that no one need wait a single moment to improve the world. 
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. -Aesop
Act as if what you do makes a difference.  It does.  -William James
The purpose of life is not to be happy - but to matter, to be productive, to be useful, to 
have it make some difference that you have lived at all.  -Leo Rosten
We can do no great things, only small things with great love.  -Mother Teresa
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better.  It’s not.  
Nobody can do everything, but everyone can do something.  -Author Unknown
Dare to reach out your hand into the darkness, to pull another hand into the light.  
It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do little - do what you 
can.  -Sydney Smith If you can’t feed a hundred people, then feed just one.  -Mother Teresa
Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him.  -Albert Schweitzer
Anything you can do needs to be done, so pick up the tool of your choice and get started. 
While earning your daily bread, be sure you share a slice with those less fortunate.  
Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on earth.  -Mohammed Ali
What we have done for ourselves alone dies with us; what we have done for others and 
the world remains and is immortal.  -Albert Pike 
When you dig another out of their troubles, you find a place to bury your own.  
The only gift is a portion of thyself.  -Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you have time to whine and complain about something then you have the time to do 
something about it.  -Anthony J. D’Angelo, The College Blue Book
Go the extra mile.  It’s never crowded.  -Author Unknown
There’s only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that’s your 
own self.  -Aldous Huxley 
Don’t let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.  -John Wooden
Instead of counting your days, make your days count. -Author Unknown
MOTIVATIONAL QUOTES